
  THE WHAT?

  The Archive is an ongoing experiment to build an interactive knowledgebase
filled with useful data related to Gizmo's many items, areas, and mobs. By
pooling this data in a central location, identifying cross-references, and
developing a suite of search & query methods, I hope this will eventually prove
a useful and fun way to get answers to many common questions about the game.

  If you have a few seconds to spare, I would greatly appreciate your help -
especially now as I am working on finding all of the little bugs and edge cases
that break my loops and circumvent my checks or sneak around my validation. Whatever
you've got lying around, whether it's taking a second to remove something you're
wearing to hand it over for a few seconds or some stinky random trash you picked up,
it will help exercise the system if you give it to Nadja on your way by.

  Hopefully by "crowdsourcing" the data capture, The Archive can grow quickly
to encompass a robust set of knowledge accessible quickly and easily via in-game
messages. This should prove helpful to even long-time players, especially when
starting new characters or changing alignments.

  HOW DO?

  For now, The Archive is with Nadja and the focus is on collecting and sharing
item data. If you give an item to her, she will attempt to identify it and add
it to The Archive's database. There are four possible outcomes to this (hopefully
soon I can reduce this to three):

  1) If the item is new, its stats will be recorded in The Archive; you will be
     recorded as the contributor along with the date & time of capture. Depending
     on the item and its stats, you may also be paid a bounty. Right now during BETA
     these amounts are generally small but should still suffice to encourage you to
     spare a few seconds from time to time as you pass by. Once all the bugs & edge
     cases are worked out, I'll probably wipe the data and set higher bounties.
  2) If the item matches one that's already in The Archive, but has different stats
     than those on record, it will be recorded as an "alternate version." This is a
     temporary solution so I can use this data to develop a more robust way of tracking
     and displaying items that have variable stats (i.e., stat ranges).
  3) If the item is fully identical to one that is already recorded, you will receive
     nothing but the shame of being late and boring and unworthy of praise.
  4) For now, you might break something. I've tried to build the capture functions with
     a certain amount of error handling recovery capabilities, but it's impossible to
     predict all of the potential idiosyncrasies in item data and behavior. If you
     submit an item that helps me uncover a significant issue with the design or
     identify an opportunity for enhancement, I may also pay a one-time "bug bounty"
     which you may consider substantial depending on how filthy rich you are already.

  You may also query the existing item data by standing in the same room with Nadja and
sending say ID <item>. If your query matches more than one item, you will get stats for
multiple items (although there is an upper limit which I will experiment with).

  BUT WHY THO?

  Mostly for the fun and challenge; working through the ins-and-outs of
capturing the data and experimenting with different ways of storing, sorting,
slicing, dicing, and presenting it is a satisfying way to pass some time and
hopefully effective at staving off the mental decline associated with my advancing
age. I do hope this will become a tool that people find genuinely useful, even if
just to save an ALT-TAB or CTRL-F here and there.

  AND THEN?

  The sky's the limit! That is to say, I can do all sorts of pointless nonsense
bullshit while I wile away my finite hours before the grave. Below are some
things I definitely plan to build, but please send me a tell if there's other
things you think would be interesting or useful. I'm always game to admit my
ideas are bad and completely change plans at the last minute in favor of an idea
from someone handsomer or more capable than myself.

ɼ Item queries can accept gender, class, and alignment to filter out unusable items

ɼ Queries can be accepted and returned over tell; no need to be in the room

ɼ Item records updated with "droppedBy" field to record the source of the item

ɼ All player characters should have feet and anything less is a fucking war crime

ɼ "droppedBy" fields crossed with map & mob data to allow for querying "dirs to" items

ɼ Item queries by type, worn location, attribute value, etc.

ɼ Items with variable stats display range of possible values
